Oh, Kazuma! Death should not have taken thee!
I'm Kazuma!
You're enjoying this, aren't you?
I've always wanted to say that.
Kazuma!
Yes, Kazuma here!
I'm done reviving your body,
so could you hurry it up?
Darkness is really stinky and
depressed for some reason!
Get a move on! Pronto!
Welcome home, Kazuma-san.
What reeks?!
And where are my clothes?!
All digested.
Your sword with the weirdo
name is all that's left.
Well, I do not appreciate you calling
the name I gave that blade "weirdo!"
Darkness, Eris-sama mentioned something...
You let the hydra swallow you to rescue me?
Jeez, that's not like you.
Come on, let's head home and hit the bath!
Y'know, Kazuma, inviting her into the
bath while not dressed is a bad look.
Are you a pervert?
Are you a pervert?!
KONOSUBA!
God's Blessing on this Wonderful World! 3
You two need to get in the bath, fast.
Episode 8: An Eternal Rest for the Master of This Lake!
Especially considering Kazuma's
gonna get reported at this rate.
Quit yapping!
Is the hydra not gonna be a problem?
It'll probably be tied up
re-fouling the lake for a while.
Which is all thanks to me, who purified it!
I feel as though whenever you're certain of
something, there's a pitfall lying in wait...
Unbelievable! You're unbelievable, Megumin!
Keep talking like that and I'll have
Kazuma or Darkness carry you instead!
I'll apologize, okay?!
Anything but that! Please!
Let's get going, then.
We've gotta talk up what
we did as best we can!
That way, even if we don't get the reward
for slaying it, we might get a a bit of gold!
Leave it to me! Explanation of the
wonders of my Explosion magic
is something I can go
into great detail about!
According to Aqua,
being digested by the hydra turned
me into more of a "Kazuma-chan."
This is the same size
it was before, right?!
Kazuma.
Yeah, I'm Kazuma—
"-chan"?!
You seem to be taking a while.
Are you hurt anywhere?
I-I'm good!
I mean, remember how bad we stunk?
Just want to be thorough with the cleanup!
Say, Kazuma... I'm...
sorry for forcing the issue this time.
What's done is done!
Aqua and Megumin are probably
chowing down at the guild,
so we should hurry on over.
Yeah. You're right.
I'll leave your change
of clothes here, then.
Hey, is there some reason you
needed to take that hydra down?
N-Not at all!
So there is, then.
Of course not! H-How could there be?!
It didn't work out today, but the
next time we go after that thing,
we'll come up with a proper plan first.
Or what? After all that hot air you
blew about protecting the town,
have you already given up?
Of course not! Who do you think I am?!
Defending the people is a duty
bestowed upon the Dustiness lineage!
Next time, that hydra is dead meat!
How is it possible that you people
always make things worse?!
You just had to piss off
something as nasty as a hydra!
Oh my gosh, Megumin,
what did you do this time?!
Kazuma!
What are they so mad about?
I thought the quest was
posted as a stopgap measure,
since a squad of knights was being deployed.
Well, there's been a bit of an
incident in the royal capital...
In the capital?
Big Brother!
Hey, is the capital in trouble?!
Is my cute little sister in danger?!
Apparently some group called the
Silver-Haired Thief Brigade
snuck into the royal castle...
And the knights are otherwise occupied
trying to recover the stolen treasures.
Holy crap, I've got a bounty
comparable to a Devil King general.
Wait, if some capital city crooks have
their bounties posted in our town...
Just between us,
the authorities consulted a Crimson Demon
fortune teller about the perpetrator's identity...
It seems that 200,000,000 bounty
Y-You've got it all wrong!
is hiding here in Axel!
Stop staring like that!
Two hundred million?!
Are you serious?! That's a lot juicier
than taking down some monsters!
I know, right?!
With a price like that,
who wouldn't join the manhunt?!
Th-The Silver-Haired Thief Brigade?!
In this town?!
Two hundred million...
Two hundred million eris, eh?
Hey! What're you looking at me for?!
Everyone! If we can capture the
Silver-Haired Thief Brigade,
the knights will come to Axel
to deal with the hydra!
That being the case, we'll be
expecting your help, too, Kazuma!
O-Of course! I'd love to help!
KONOSUBA!
Sleep well, little dragon.
And, of course, I shut myself indoors.
Such a good little dragon.
When you're born, I'll take good care of you.
Is that supposed to be...
It's prenatal bonding!
Isn't it?
You don't have to stay on
top of the egg, you know.
It'll be plenty warm if you leave
it in front of the fireplace.
And if it ends up cooked,
we can always eat it.
Are you asking for a holy knuckle sandwich?
I am channeling my magic power into the egg!
Because he's going to reign
over all other dragons!
And as his foster mother,
I'll do whatever I can to help!
Isn't that right, Emperor Zel?
Of all the stupid names...
Kazuma! We need firepower!
If the hydra won't fall from a single blow,
we continue to strike away until it does!
Huh?
As we did with the Destroyer Mobile Fortress,
Aqua's magic power and your
Drain Touch will enable this!
No way.
Why exactly do I have to submit
to some disgusting Lich skill?
My holy magic power isn't meant to be shared
with everybody at the drop of a hat!
I don't care how Kazuma threatens me,
or Darkness butters me up,
or how crazy you go, Megumin!
I am absolutely not doing it!
What's got you so fired up
for revenge anyway, Megumin?
Well, considering this thing
killed you, Kazuma...
Why wouldn't I want to avenge that?
I-I see...
We've been using Darkness's
Decoy skill every day,
followed up with a blast of
Explosion magic to harass it, but...
I have to wonder if there's a more
effective strategy we could use.
What the hell, Darkness?
It's usually your job to stop
her when she's like this!
B-But that hydra has to be dealt with...
Besides, this should be effective
at whittling down its magic power.
These two...
Well, we're out of luck for as long
as the rain keeps up, anyway.
That just gives the thing an advantage.
Fortune tellers say the rain is
likely to persist for a while.
I'll get serious about it once the rain stops.
Meaning you're not going to get
serious for the foreseeable future?!
What the heck?! Give her back!
I need my Chomusuke!
You little... Put her down!
Gimme the cat or face the consequences!
The rain didn't let up in the following days,
Explosion, Explosion!
but Darkness and Megumin kept
paying visits to the hydra.
Explosion, Explosion!
We're home!
Darkness is a bit of a mess,
so could you get the bath ready?
Seriously, stop this. It's dangerous.
The fiend must be bothered by
the daily Explosion magic...
It ambushed us.
Megumin was able to land her spell,
which gave us the chance to flee
while it was regenerating...
This is proving even harder than I thought.
Thank you, Aqua.
You are a dragon, oh, what a wonderful dragon.
Your mother is true and blue.
Kazuma? What are you doing?
Got bored, so I'm fixing your armor.
Nothing else to do, with all the rain.
And Eris pads her chest,
You better not run back out
there once it's fixed, either.
because she's a loser.
This reminds me of how you repaired my
armor on the way to the hot springs.
It'd be nice if we could all go there again.
Hell no. I hate that place.
It's like a whole town full of Megumins.
Hey. And what exactly do you mean by that?
Excuse me?! How could you be so
cruel to my adoring faithful?!
You, too, Aqua?! Maybe you can explain
to me what this is supposed to mean!
My faithful are all a bunch
of sweet, earnest types!
Are you implying I am
neither sweet or earnest?!
Even so,
it'd be nice to go again.
Take it back!
Kazuma! Darkness is missing!
Her equipment is gone, too!
Damn it! And after I told her
over and over not to go!
It's too dangerous to attempt this alone!
Unbelievable! That girl is so unbelievable!
I'm going to drop the egg off with Wiz,
and then I'm gonna give
Darkness a piece of my mind!
You two go on ahead and try
to slow Darkness down!
Where are you going?
Got a few stops to make!
Don't let her take that thing on solo!
Damn it, that girl!
I guess we're doing this!
Don't like the look of that sky.
Makes old scars ache...
Release me!
Unbelievable! You're being unbelievable!
This is too much to attempt alone!
Wait, is this where you won't give up
because you think you'll get yelled at?!
We won't get mad! Just, please, come home!
What has gotten into you?!
Aren't we friends?! Tell us what's going on!
Even so... I...
Darkness!
What in the world...
Lalatina!
Don't call me that!
What is all this fuss?!
If this is some new type of harassment,
don't expect me to put up with it!
N-No! I was just telling everyone
how you kept facing the hydra,
and asked if they wanted to help!
Kazuma has been keeping
the booze flowing lately.
Won't hurt to pay the lad back a little.
And we can help take care of your
issue while we're at it, Lalatina.
There. Take a good look.
All these adventurers have rallied for you.
I know you've got muscles for brains,
but try not to make
everybody worry, all right?
Everyone...
Get a load of that!
Lalatina's all embarrassed!
Blessing!
If you're in the thief class,
get ready with Bind!
There!
Archers, set up your roped
arrows and be on standby!
We're taking on a hydra here!
Everybody stay frosty!
Right!
Wizards, don't worry about a second shot!
Give us all your magic power
and get ready for a big one!
Leave it to me!
This time, my Explosion magic will
reduce the hydra to cinders!
And Darkness!
Your Decoy skill is key to this whole plan!
Don't go down too fast, now!
Aye!
Okay...
Let's do this!
Blessing! Blessing! Blessing!
Darkness!
Consider it done!
Decoy!
You're dead meat!
Good! Thief skill squad!
Bind!
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
Wind speed's good. Line of sight's good.
Little higher, little higher, little higher...
Good, good, good...
All good! Stop!
Fire!
We got him!
Pull! Pull!
Pull that thing! Give it all you've got!
Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
You sure about this, Kazuma?!
Yeah! Send me right at him!
If this thing won't go down until its magic
power is gone, then I'll take it all!
Drain Touch!
It's working!
We can do this!
It's working! We've got him!
Kazuma!
Everyone!
Very impressive, Dustiness-san. You really
have got strength and endurance to spare.
Now is not the time!
This is too much. I can't hold out for long.
Hey, dumbass! Hang in there! You have to!
Drain Touch!
Drain Touch! Drain Touch!
Darkness has been taking a beating daily
to chip away at this thing's magic power.
I'm not gonna let that go to waste!
I can't keep this up...
Damn it, you're finally
being useful for once!
And you're already folding?!
Is someone this soft really capable
of winning that endurance contest?!
You gutless wimp!
Being crushed by a hydra while taking
verbal abuse from a scumbag...
This is absolutely...
delightful!
Put your backs into it!
Darkness can't take much more!
Don't screw with Axel's
adventurers, scaleface!
The others...
Kazuma.
Don't worry. When we die,
we'll go together...
I am very worried!
Quit giving up! There's no way you'd die
from a hydra flopping on top of you!
I'm the only one who's gonna
get smooshed to death!
If I give up, Kazuma dies?
Wha... What is this?
You're ordering me around like a master...
When your very life is in my hands...
The contradiction of it!
Which one of us is truly the
master in this situation?!
I've never felt this before!
What novel stimulation, Kazuma!
I think the hydra's getting weaker!
I'm gonna collect that big-time bounty!
Reward goes to whoever
lands the finishing blow!
What the hell are you saying
at a time like this?!
Nobody's getting a cut of my loo—
Dust!
Light of Saber!
Look!
Its head isn't regenerating!
Wizards!
A looming tide of sorrows...
An overflowing swell of screams...
Incoming Explosion magic!
Coiling into one another, forming the
howling gyre that marks our victory!
Everybody get clear!
Let the signal of oblivion now descend!
This is my offering to the deceased.
May he rest in peace...
Vengeance for Kazuma!
Hey! I'm still alive!
Explosion!
Yeah!
Pretty crazy what you can pull
off when you get desperate, huh?
Kazuma, you guys can take a
bigger cut of the reward!
Might as well take the entire cut of the
idiot who tried to cheat everyone else, too.
Maybe we shouldn't have resurrected you.
How does it feel to have
finally killed that hydra?
You gonna sleep better now?
I will. I'm feeling better
about a few things now.
So much that my troubles
seem foolish in hindsight.
Not because of the hydra being gone, though.
I'm just reminded of how much
How about a "Thank you, Aqua-sama"?!
I love the people of this town.
No fair!
I've no more doubts about that.
You spout some really
embarrassing stuff sometimes...
I'm truly blessed.
Gimme more deference!
I expect a lot more thanks
for that resurrection!
Damn it, Kazuma! Your priest is
being a huge pain in the ass!
We're home!
Welcome back!
Darkness! You come back early?
Oh? I don't see her anywhere.
Is she in her room?
Time for more drinks in the comfort of home!
Get Darkness down here right now!
Kazuma...
What's that?
Whatcha got there?
"Forgive me for suddenly..."
Whoa, what the—
Forgive me for suddenly
springing this on you.
The situation has become rather complex.
I realize this is selfish,
but I need to leave the party.
I ask that you find a new front line
fighter for the group.
I'm very grateful to the three of you.
So much that I could never fully express it.
Aqua, Megumin, Kazuma...
Our adventures have been the most
enjoyable moments of my entire life.
I don't think I will ever forget
the days we spent together.
Thank you for everything.
from Lalatina Dustiness Ford,
to my beloved companions,
with deep gratitude.
End of the line starts here!
Teehee, you can look forward to what we've got!
Probably doesn't make sense to open a letter like this.
It's actually my business's slogan.
Business has been picking up,
and we're actually about to open up a third location!
It's been a long road, but I think
I'm ready to dedicate myself to this endeavor!
Now, how about some jellied slime as a snack?
Well, Devil King...
Teehee, you can look forward to what we've got!
Episode 9: A Talking-To for This Runaway!
End of the line starts here!
Teehee, you can look forward
to what we've got!
Probably doesn't make sense
to open a letter like this.
It's actually my business's sloga—